Standard Operating Procedure (SOP): Texting Potential Leads Last edit
1/19/2025 \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Standard Operating Procedure (SOP): Lead Texting in Launch Control

Table of Contents Purpose 3 Intended Users 3 Required Tools 3 Log in to
Launch Control 4 Create and Send Text Messages 4 Create a Batch 4 Send
Text Messages 4 Visual Guide: Respond and Screen for Motivation 5
Respond to Leads and Screen for Motivation 8 High-Priority Leads (Push
to CRM) 8 Criteria for High-Priority Leads: 8 Steps to process
High-Priority Leads: 8 Medium-Priority Leads (Require Further Action) 8
Criteria for Medium-Priority Leads: 8 Steps to Process Medium-Priority
Leads: 9 Low-Priority Leads (Do Not Push Yet) 9 Criteria for
Low-Priority Leads: 9 Steps to Process Low-Priority Leads: 9 Manage
Leads 9 High-Priority Leads 9 Medium-Priority Leads 10 Low-Priority
Leads 10 Daily Follow-up Tasks 10 Best Practices 10 Review and Update
Frequency 10

Video Links \* How to use Launch Control introduction \* How to assign
drips Purpose This SOP outlines the procedure for texting potential
leads, from initial contact to lead qualification. It covers logging
into the system, sending batches of texts, responding to incoming
messages, and screening leads for motivation. The goal is to determine
which leads should be added to the CRM while ensuring efficient lead
management. Intended Users This SOP is intended for team members
responsible for lead outreach and qualification, including Acquisitions
Managers and Sales Representatives. Required Tools \* Launch Control
(lead communication platform) \* Follow up Boss (CRM system) \* Discord
(for internal communication)

Log in to Launch Control  1. Navigate to the Launch Control login page
2. Enter your email and password 3. Select both checkboxes at the bottom
of the sign-in form 4. Select Sign in.

Image 1: Launch Control login page with fields for email, password, and
checkboxes that must be selected before signing in. Create and Send Text
Messages Create a Batch  1. Go to Batches. 2. Select Create new. 3.
Select the appropriate Campaign. 4. Choose the Template and set the
batch size to 150 messages. 5. Select Create Batch. Send Text Messages
\* Press Enter to send all text messages in bulk, or send them
individually if needed. Visual Guide: Respond and Screen for Motivation
A decision tree flowchart showing how to respond to potential leads
based on their replies. It includes paths for motivated sellers,
unmotivated leads, and incorrect numbers, directing actions like
follow-ups, CRM updates, or marking as 'not interested'.

Figure 3: Flowchart illustrating the response handling process for
incoming leads. The diagram includes decision points for lead
qualification and next steps, guiding users on how to categorize and
respond to leads effectively.

A decision tree flowchart showing how to respond to potential leads
based on their replies. It includes paths for motivated sellers,
unmotivated leads, and incorrect numbers, directing actions like
follow-ups, CRM updates, or marking as 'not interested'.

Figure 4: Flowchart illustrating the response handling process for
incoming leads. The diagram includes decision points for lead
qualification and next steps, guiding users on how to categorize and
respond to leads effectively.

A decision tree flowchart showing how to respond to potential leads
based on their replies. It includes paths for motivated sellers,
unmotivated leads, and incorrect numbers, directing actions like
follow-ups, CRM updates, or marking as 'not interested'.

Figure 5: Flowchart illustrating the response handling process for
incoming leads. The diagram includes decision points for lead
qualification and next steps, guiding users on how to categorize and
respond to leads effectively.

Respond to Leads and Screen for Motivation When leads respond,
categorize them based on their motivation level to determine if they
should be added to the CRM. High-Priority Leads (Push to CRM)
High-priority leads are those who show strong interest in selling their
property. These leads should be processed immediately to maximize
conversion opportunities. Criteria for High-Priority Leads A lead should
be classified as high-priority if they meet any of the following
conditions: \* They ask for an offer and provide an email address. \*
They confirm interest in selling and respond to initial questions, even
if they don't provide an email. Steps to process High-Priority Leads  1.
Mark as \"Warm\" in Launch Control. 2. Add the \"Push to CRM\" tag to
categorize the lead appropriately. 3. Push the lead to Launch Control
(CRM) to initiate follow-up actions. 4. Notify the Acquisitions Manager,
who will contact the lead for further discussion.

Medium-Priority Leads (Require Further Action) Criteria for
Medium-Priority Leads A lead should be classified as medium-priority if
they meet any of the following conditions: \* Leads who ask, \"What\'s
your offer?\" but don't answer follow-ups within a day. \* Leads from
nurture campaigns who respond after being pushed to the CRM before.
Steps to Process Medium-Priority Leads \* "What's your offer" leads \*
Add these to the \"Call them\" Discord channel for follow-up by
acquisitions manager \* Add \"Call them\" tag in Launch Control \* If no
response in a day, push to drip campaigns \* Leads from nurture
campaigns \* Check Launch Control notes and respond accordingly \* If no
notes are available, ask acquisitions manager about the lead\'s story \*
Add \"CAPD\" tag in Launch Control Low-Priority Leads (Do Not Push Yet)
A lead should be classified as low-priority if they meet any of the
following conditions: Criteria for Low-Priority Leads \* Leads requiring
information verification (e.g., owner\'s name, wrong number) \* Leads
who ask to be called without providing information or agreeing to sell
Steps to Process Low-Priority Leads \* Add these to the \"Call them\"
Discord channel for verification by Acquisitions manager before adding
to Follow Up Boss \* Do not push to the CRM until verified. Manage Leads
High-Priority Leads \* Mark as \"Warm\" in Launch Control \* Add \"push
to CRM\" tag \* Push to CRM (Follow Up Boss) Medium-Priority Leads \*
Tag appropriately (\"Call them\" or \"CAPD\") \* Follow up per SOP
guidelines in Medium-priority leads (Require further action)
Low-Priority Leads \* Add to \"Call them\" Discord channel \* Wait for
verification before adding to CRM Daily Follow-up Tasks \* Add all
nurture leads from the previous day to the \"Yes, then ghosted" drip. \*
The acquisitions manager will update their status in Launch Control and
add relevant notes. Best Practices \* Change one word in templates
weekly to keep messages fresh. \* Always check Launch Control notes
before responding to leads from drip campaigns. \* When in doubt about a
lead's status or motivation, consult with the acquisitions manager.
Review and Update Frequency This SOP should be reviewed quarterly to
ensure it remains effective and up to date.

of 11
